[MI-3626]: Test cases of slash commands for MS Teams plugin (#6)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/MS Teams sync/Slash commands/Promote.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Promote slash command"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Slash commands
authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"
team_ownership: 
- Change Team Name
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Run the `/msteams-sync promote <MM_username> <new_username>` command in the desired MM channel by the sytem admin account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the `/msteams-sync promote <MM_username> <new_username>` command in any channel or DM/GM by the system admin account.
```

**Step 2**

> 1. Run the "/msteams promote <MM_username> <new_username>" command in the desired MM channel by system admin account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the "/msteams promote <MM_username> <new_username>" command in the desired MM channel by the system admin account.
```

> 2. The user to be promoted(whose MM username will be provided) should be already promoted.

Reviewer: This is a precondition that is written in 2nd point. This should be 1st point.

**Expected**

> The user should be promoted to a normal user with the new assigned username. On step 2, the user should be returned an erroe message that the desired user was not found.

Reviewer 2: the step 2 written above does not make any sense with the expected result for step 2. Please verify this.

**Step 1**

> 1. Run the "/msteams-sync promote <MM_username> <new_username>" command in the desired MM channel by the sysytem admin account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the "/msteams-sync promote <MM_username> <new_username>" command in the desired MM channel by the system admin account.
```
